- [Narrator] Now we are able to implement
HTTP PUT, PATCH, and DELETE.
So we're back in our TourRatingController
and I have another helper method
and it's on line 91 and this will verify a tour rating
given a tourId and a customerId.
It checks the unique tour rating for that tour
and if it's not there it will throw
a NoSuchElementException.
If there is it will return that rating.
So now I'm going to put in the body
for the PUT and PATCH methods.
I'm just going to paste that in.
So here is our update with Put.
It'll return a RatingDto on line 84.
So we have a tourId and a Rating Dto passed in
and so the semantics with PUT
is that all the attributes are updated.
The semantics of PATCH is to only update
some methods of the entity.
The methods are similar but we need to respect
the intent of the API.
So on 85 I call the method verifyTourRating
and so I use the tourId passed in on the URL
and then from the RatingsDto I get the customerId.
If that returns a rating I'll get it,
otherwise an exception will be thrown.
So then we set both the score and the comment attributes
which are the two writeable attributes
in the DTO that we can use
and then we save it to the repository.
So let's add our annotations.
PutMapping and it's the same URL as the main class
and then we have to have the PathVariable.
And then for the RatingDto that's to be passed in
we need to say this is a RequestBody
and then we want the Validator to run as well.
So next is update with Patch.
So here we have to check if the attribute
of the RatingDto is not,
now we're going to use it and save it to the database.
If it is now we won't check it.
So if RatingDTO dot score is not equal to null
then we're going to actually set it on our rating.
If the comments not null then set it in the comment
and then save it to the repository.
And similarly we'll tab PatchMapping.
PathVariable tourId.
And then we want to have RequestBody
and at Validated for that payload.
Now let's implement Delete.
So we'll have public void delete
and we also need to have the customerId.
So we'll say TourRating and we need
to say verifyTourRating.
And then we will delete it.
So our mapping is DeleteMapping.
Our path
is slash customer
customerId.
So it's a pending slash customerId to the URL.
We'll copy the PathVariable for tourId.
And we need to do the same thing but with customerId.
Okay let's give it a go!
Run the application.
And it's running so let's create a tour
with our method POST that we've had before.
This person liked it a lot.
And it was created.
So let's say they said, "Oh no I wanted to change
it to three instead of five you know
it really was just okay."
Let's say it was bad and they set the score to three.
And now that would be PUT
because we want both of these values to be set.
And it was PUT.
And then let's do a PATCH
because maybe they say, "Oh I said it was bad
but I really want to change the score,
not from three but we want to set it to one."
And it's been changed so let's actually verify it.
And so that's our most recent value.
It was bad and the score was one
and then the user said, "Ah forget it.
I don't even want to have a rating in here anymore."
So we can do DELETE the rating.
And now we have to have customerId on there which was two.
And it was deleted.
Let's verify it.
And there's no more ratings for that tour.